let's turn our attention to the Middle
East now during a phone call with the
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu President Biden stressed the
urgent need to reach a ceasefire and
hostage deal in Gaza the White House
said they also discussed us efforts to
support Israel's defense against what it
called all threats from Iran and proxy
terrorist groups including Hamas let's
speak to uh my colleague uh s shahata
from BBC Arabic who's in Cairo side we
were led to believe last week after the
talks Drew to a close in K that they
were due to start in Cairo where you are
what's
happened uh no news about any uh
resumption of the talks uh because uh
some of the Hamas members of the
political Bureau of Hamas uh said that
they are not willing for any new
negotiations because they send the reply
to the proposal announced by uh Mr Biden
the American president on 2nd of July so
they don't accept any conditions more uh
demands from the Israeli Prime Minister
Mr Benjamin Netanyahu uh so there is uh
from Hamas sides are not willing to any
new negotiation in new conditions in
addition to that within the Israeli
negotiation team there is reports about
disagreement between Mr n from one side
and some members of the negotiation team
regarding the some of this members want
the deal to be done as the American
wants but Mr Netanyahu seems uh to put
more conditions which are not accepted
even by Egypt or Hamas so now it's like
a deadlock and no one knows uh will uh
the negotiation will be restarted again
in in Egypt or not how is this affecting
the
apparent optimism that some were
expressing last
week yeah that optimism came from the
American but like uh from Hamas side and
Israeli side is no optimism because
Hamas like uh members of the political
Bureau uh several of them said like the
Mr n put more obstacles the hostage
family put pressure on Mr Netanyahu to
reach a deal but there is some staking
points between the two sides especially
after What's called the bridging
proposal by the United States announced
by uh Mr blinkin the American foreign
minister which was not revealed publicly
but there is some dis agreement
especially the uh talks about the
presence of Israeli forces along the
Philadelphia Corridor or Salah Corridor
uh and the Nim Crossing which separate
between the North and Central and South
of Gaza so and within the plan of uh
which accepted by Hamas and announced by
Mr Mr Biden there is three stages of
this plan and there is disagreement
about the names of the uh prisoner
released and the numbers and and the
withdrawal of the Israeli forces because
the Mr Netanyahu repeatedly said there
is a red line about fighting Hamas until
he demolish Hamas and there is no signs
he demolished Hamas yet after almost 11
months of the war since uh 7th of
October so there is some staking points
especially the presence of Israeli on
the Philadelphia Corridor which is not
accepted by Egypt or Hamas n because
Hamas said they need the people
evacuated or forced to leave their house
in the north to go back but the Israeli
put conditions that should be monitored
because you don't want to allow any uh
militant uh according to the Israeli and
Mr Nan to go to the north without like
being monitored and screened so there is
many sticking point disagreement so the
optimism came from the American side but
from the concerned side the Israeli and
the Palestinian there is no
optimism s for the moment thank you very
much s shahata from BBC Arabic speaking
to us from Cairo
in Israel a funeral ceremony is being
held for one of the hostages whose
bodies were recovered from Gaza earlier
this week 8-year-old yor Meto was
kidnapped from his home in kibutz near
oolong with his wife tamama who was
released from Hamas captivity after 53
days the Israeli mil military received
retrieved the bodies of six hostages
from the Gaza Strip on Tuesday as
negotiations continue to bring back more
than a 100 people still being held
captive in Gaza